PReVo
=====

PReVo is an android application containing a portable version of the
Reta Vortaro which is an open source dictionary for Esperanto. It
contains all of the dictionary data in the package so the application
does not need to access the internet.

The official website for the program is here:

 http://www.busydoingnothing.co.uk/prevo/

It is also available in the Google play store here:

 https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=uk.co.busydoingnothing.prevo

Building
========

This git repo does not include the assets containing the dictionary
data. These must be separately built from the dictionary's XML data
using a program called prevodb, which is available here:

 git://git.busydoingnothing.co.uk/prevodb.git

The dictionary data is available from the website for the Reta Vortaro
here:

 http://reta-vortaro.de/tgz/index.html

You should download the latest ‘fontodosiero’ which just has the XML
files without the pictures. You can also download the ‘sanĝitaj
dosieroj’ and extract that on top of the XML sources to get the latest
updates. Alternatively you can you use my git clone of the data which
contains the exact data I use to make releases:

 git://git.busydoingnothing.co.uk/revo.git

You can build prevodb with the usual automake commands:

 ./autogen.sh
 make -j4

Note that it will need the developer packages for expat and glib in
order to build.

Now assuming you have the source for ReVo in $HOME/revo, prevodb in
$HOME/prevodb and PReVo in $HOME/prevo, you can use the following
command to build the database and put it in the right location to
build the application:

 $HOME/prevodb/src/prevodb -i $HOME/revo -o $HOME/prevo-android

You will likely see some warnings about inconsistencies in the XML
sources. It is safe to ignore these.

Assuming you have the Android SDK installed correctly, you can now
build the package like so:

 cd $HOME/prevo-android
 android update project -t android-16 -p $PWD
 ant release

You should then have the final package in bin/PReVo-release.apk

Building a specific release
===========================

The releases are all tagged and signed in the git repo using the
following public key:

 http://www.busydoingnothing.co.uk/neilroberts.asc

The message for each tag contains the git hashes used for the ReVo
sources and the prevodb program. This information can be used to build
a copy of a release using exactly the same data. You can see this
information for example with:

 git show 0.8
